One of the final things I
wanted to cover before we
do continuous integration is NPM scripts.
So NPM scripts are a way for
you to kind of
have little pieces of automation that
are gonna be set for your package.
So if I have a module, like here I'm
gonna just hop into a real one, you can
have different scripts like if we wanna
run the tape command for a test suite.
You can install it as a dev dependency,
which shows up in the package JSON right
here, and then whenever I run NPM test,
this command is gonna run.
So there's a few special cases for
NPM, things like npm test and
npm start will automatically run the
command in scripts called tester start.
But you can put more things like for
example, if you wanna put a build script
in there, you could call it build, or
watch, or dev, or whatever you like.
Or prod for production build.
If you do npm run in front of that name,
then it will run it, so
you can use npm to running your stuff.
That's how that works.
If you want to set up your system for
continuous integration,
you'll have to probably include
an NPM script to run your test suite.
So here I have a real demo,
so this repository currently doesn't
have any kind of continuous integration,
although, it does have a test script.
So in this case, I'm even setting an
environment variable because this module
uses dates and times,
and that kind of stuff.
And I was in the Pacific Time Zone
when I wrote it [LAUGH] so
you have to be in the Pacific Time Zone
for all of my test cases to work.
It actually doesn't completely work,
I think because of some
daylight savings issue.
Now that it's either daylight savings,
or not, I don't know exactly,
but it's one of those things.
So one of the cases actually
doesn't work right now,
which is fine because we can now set up
some continuous integration on Travis CI.
So what that looks like is every time
I push code to GitHub in this case,
then Travis CI is watching for changes.
And it will automatically download my
entire code suite, run NPM install, and
then it'll run NPM tests.
And so, I can put a badge in
the read me that looks like this,
or so I can show you on real
package what that looks like.
So on a lot of packages, you might see
these little icons like build passing,
if my tests aren't working on CI,
this badge will turn red.
So it's kind of a handy way to
know that your tests are failing,
if you're not reading your email or
you're not doing other stuff.
It's also a way to communicate to
users of that library that yes,
in fact, this piece of code works and
its solid.
So to set this up, what you can do
is you can make a file that's called
.travis.yml for
YAML which it's this weird old JSON.
That's popular still in Ruby land,
maybe I don't know.
Anyways, so you can copy and
paste this chunk of text,
which is pretty good for
most node packages.
If you need to do things like
install system scripts or whatever,
there's a lot more settings
that you can configure.
In this case,
I don't need to do anything like that.
So I'm gonna save that to .travis.yml, so
we can see in this file, oops,
that this is a node project.
So Travis is clever enough to know
that it needs to run NPM install and
NPM test, which is gonna run our
package JSON scripts that uses tape.
And then we can specify the versions
of node that we wanna test on.
Okay, so you have to commit that
file to your get repository,
And probably as well,
you wanna put in a little badge here,
so here's what that looks like.
So remember to change
substack/node-browserify for
whatever your package is called and
whatever your username is called.
So I can replace,
I'm still sub stack on GitHub so
but I can replace browserify
with parse-messy-time.
Make sure to do it twice because
there's two of them in this batch,
parse-messy-time.
Okay, so
So now we're using Travis CI,
the final thing that I need to do is,
you'll have to go to travis-ci.org,
and create an account.
I think you can log in with GitHub,
if you're already have an account there,
then you can go to this URL for
your username and your repository.
So I'm gonna go to
substack/parse-messy-time,
which is the name of this project
that I'm gonna configure.
And then there should be a button
called Activate repository,
it's this blue thing down here, so
when you click that after the page loads.
Now the next time that I push code
to that repository on GitHub,
Travis is gonna check out that code,
and it's gonna run my tests.
And if they all pass, I should have
a green badge, if they're failing for
whatever reason,
maybe I forgot to add a dependency,
all kinds of reasons why it could fail.
Then it's gonna be a red badge.
In this case, it will most definitely
be a red badge because I already
know running locally that
the tests are broken.
So here we have the output,
and if you click one of them,
you can see kind of the test
results as they stream in.
So it does take a little bit sometimes,
but
it's downloading various things from
the internet, it's quitting my repository.
It's standing up node and running
NPM install, which we just did, and
then it's running NPM test.
So here we have the tap output, I'll try
to make that bigger, the tap output,
that should be very familiar.
It's in mobile mode, there we go.
So it set the timezone, and now it's
running through the test cases, and
there's a failing test.
So that's gonna set the exit code to
be non 0, which is how Travis knows,
here it says, the command NPM test
exited with 1, so the test failed.
And there should be now on that
repository, the badge should be red,
so I'll go to
the pearse-messy-time on GitHub.
I look at the readme, both failing, so
I can now go in and fix that test case,
what I'm actually gonna do is not to fix
it, I'm just gonna disable that test case.
So this one is 30 in 1.5 weeks,
It just to show you what
the workflow is like
once you fix something, so in 1.5, so
there it is in pearse.js, in 1.5.
So I'm just gonna turn this test off.
Which is not something that you should
actually do, but everyone does it anyways,
so I might as well show
you what it's like.
Turn a failing test off, and
now once you push to GitHub again,
now Travis is gonna be listening for
these updates to roll along.
And if I go to the Build History,
we should see the next build, there it is.
So if you click that, we can see all
of the different versions of node.
And there might be an issue where
you're using an API that's only present
on the latest version, but
not in older versions of node,
so it's good to check that kind of stuff.
So here, we're running through.
Unpacking replacement, let see all kinds
of fun stuff, string that get cloned.
There's the progress part that
looks pretty terrible because we're
viewing it on a web page,
and running NPM tests.
So now it's going through
all of the cases,
now the exit code was 0,
so the test passed.
And I bet if I refresh this now,
yeah, it's green now, great.
So that's kind of the basic workflow for
setting up CI on a project
once you have some tests and
once those tests are in
your package JSON scripts.
That is all I have for this section,
so I guess in the time before lunch,
you can try out some of these packages.
So I covered file and
also NYC which you can try out,
and then you can maybe
create a repo of your own.
You can add a test script
into package JSON, and
you can try to get it set up
with Travis CI if you want.
Or you can just make a dummy project
that just does almost nothing,
that's a good way to test
out how to use Travis.
You could even copy some of the test
files that we already have in here.
Some other tips,
make sure if you are gonna set up your own
repository, if your NPM
install with --save-dev.
Or there's a shortcut called -capital D,
these mean the same thing.
Tape, then that's gonna install tape into
your package JSON dev dependencies field,
which is needed by
Travis CI when it installs.
So that it has the right library
that's necessary for testing.